Exercise 2 text. (#9)
maicarem/tutorial-code-review: text/exercise2/world_cup.md

# Women's world cup

The Women's World Cup is a spectacular showcase of athleticism, skill, 
and passion, bringing together the finest female soccer players from 

> around the globe. This prestigious tournament, organized by FIFA, 

Reviewer: How about explaining what is FIFA in this text?

Each edition of the Women's World Cup brings its own unforgettable moments 
that etch themselves into the history of the sport. From stunning 

> freekicks to nail-biting penalty shootouts, the tournament never fails to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
free kicks to nail-biting penalty shootouts, the tournament never fails to
```
